README grammar and wording tweaks, add hw donation (#1030)
dortania/OpenCore-Legacy-Patcher: docs/WINDOWS.md

# Installing Windows in UEFI Mode

Modern versions of Windows officially support two types of firmware: UEFI and BIOS. Users may want to boot Windows through the OCLP Bootpicker, but only UEFI Installations of Windows will show up in the OCLP Bootpicker.
Many older Macs do not "officially" support UEFI Windows installations and will refuse to install or cause many issues, but OCLP can be used to prevent almost all of these installation and usability issues.

## Minimum Requirements

> This guide will focus on the installation of Windows 10 without using Bootcamp Utility. Windows 11 should also work, but its quirks will not be covered.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide will focus on the installation of Windows 10 without using Boot Camp Assistant. Windows 11 should also work, but its quirks will not be covered.
```

* Note 1: For machines with dedicated drives for Windows, having different partitions for OpenCore is not required.
* Note 2: Having different partitions for OpenCore is also not required if the Windows boot files detected by the stock Bootpicker are removed. See "Removing the Windows option from the stock bootpicker" for further information.
* Note 3: We recommend uninstalling OpenCore from the ESP/EFI Partition when you create this new OpenCore partition to avoid confusion when selecting OpenCore builds in the Mac's boot picker.

![](../images/windows-partition-2.png)

## Creating the Windows Installer

The latest Windows 10 installation image can be downloaded from Microsoft using the following link:

* [Download Windows 10 Disc Image (ISO File)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-ca/software-download/windows10ISO)

Alternatively, TechBench provides an download interface for other builds of Windows 10 in several languages, hosted on Microsoft's servers:

> * [TechBench by WZT](https://tb.rg-adguard.net/public.php)

Author: this is dead
